UI/Front-end features to add:

1. Accounts button in upper left but below the home button (takes the user back to their account overview.
2. Back button on right side above the main element of the page.
3. Add a “monthly budget” tile to the “debt payoff plan” page.
4. For “payment schedule” window, add option for the payments to be shown by each accounts (where the month, payment, interest and balance are shown line by line) and an option for the payments to be shown by month (which shows the schedule as it is now with a line for each account by month. Also add the payment date (e.g. 14th or 6th etc) to the month column and use this to sort the accounts for each month. Bear in mind that if the payment date is before the current date, the next payment for that account should not be until the correct date of the following month as the date has already passed (e.g. if today is the 16th of October and there is an account where the payment date is the 9th of each month, the first payment will be shown as the 9th of November. Conversely, if there is an account where the payment date is the 25th of each month, the next payment will be the 25th of October).
5. Add separate visual debt reduction timelines for each account to give a more useful timeline

Small bugs:
1. “Add preferences” bug: sometimes when generating the plan, an error stating that the strategy preferences must be selected is shown which stops the plan generation even though the preferences have already been set
2. On “Account details” window of “debt payoff plan”, the individual account tiles must show their respective payoff months (when the account is fully paid off), rather than the same payoff month of when all debt will be paid off.


Critical logic bugs:
1. Month-by-month Payment schedule window on “debt payoff plan” page does not show the correct payments for all accounts when using multiple accounts in a plan. Make sure the correct payment amount is shown across each account on a monthly basis
2. The minimum payment is not respected for on accounts that are not being paid off at all in the goal of minimising total interest. Accounts must have their minimum payments met regardless of the strategy, but the discretional payments will be lower or £0 if this helps to achieve the goal of minimising total interest paid
